Docs update for deploying with Kustomize (#47772)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy/kubernetes/kustomize/migrate.md

#### Step 1: Upgrade current instance

Upgrade your current instance to the latest version of Sourcegraph using the old deployment method in [deploy-sourcegraph](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph).

#### Step 2: Set up a release branch

Set up a release branch from the latest version branch in your local fork of the [deploy-sourcegraph-k8s](https://github.com/sourcegraph/deploy-sourcegraph-k8s) repository.

```bash
$ git checkout -b release
```

#### Step 3: Set up a directory

Create a new directory `instances/my-sourcegraph` for your Sourcegraph instance.

```bash
$ mkdir instance/my-sourcegraph
```

#### Step 4: Set up the kustomization file

Copy [instances/template/kustomization.template.yaml](index.md#template) to the `instances/my-sourcegraph` subdirectory as `kustomization.yaml`.

```bash
$ cp instances/kustomization.template.yaml instances/my-sourcegraph/kustomization.yaml
```

The new `kustomization.yaml` file will be used to configure your deployment.

#### Step 5: Set namespace

Replace `sourcegraph` with a namespace that matches the existing namespace for your current instance. 

> Set it to `default` to deploy to the default namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may set `namespace: default` to deploy to the default namespace.
```

  ```yaml
  # instances/my-sourcegraph/kustomization.yaml
  namespace: sourcegraph
  ```

#### Step 6: Set storage class

To add the storage class name that your current instance is using for all associated resources:

1. Include the `storage-class/update-class-name` component under the components list
2. Input the storage class name by setting the value for `STORAGECLASS_NAME` under the configMapGenerator section
   
For example, set `STORAGECLASS_NAME=sourcegraph` if `sourcegraph` is the name of an existing storage class:

  ```yaml
  # instances/my-sourcegraph/kustomization.yaml
  components:
    # Update storageClassName to the STORAGECLASS_NAME value set below
    - ../../components/storage-class/update-class-name
  # ...
  configMapGenerator:
  - name: sourcegraph-kustomize-env
    behavior: merge
    literals:
      - STORAGECLASS_NAME=sourcegraph # Set STORAGECLASS_NAME value to 'sourcegraph'
  ```

#### Step 7: Recreate overlay

> Note: You may skip this step if your instance was not deployed using overlays from the deploy-sourcegraph repository.

Reviewer: Much of the rest of our documentation uses `>NOTE:` when making notes -- just a style thing

Author: updated
